{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0\langfe2052 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af6\afs28\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af4\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f4\fs28\lang1033\dbch\af5 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang1025\ai \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\dbch\af0 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af7\afs24\alang255 \ltrch\lang255\langfe255\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\noline\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang255\dbch\af0\langfe255 Index;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0 Normal (Web);}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.2.2.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/02b2acce88a210515b4a5bb2e46cbfb63fe97d56}{\info{\author Sean Soucy}{\creatim\yr2006\mo1\dy20\hr17\min29}{\author Sean Soucy}{\revtim\yr2006\mo1\dy20\hr17\min29}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab720
\hyphauto1\viewscale130
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Page Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc\htmautsp
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0\langfe2052{\rtlch\af2\ab \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\b\f2\loch
Mesh & Animation Exporting}{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
 }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Mesh\line Place meshes zeroed in world, XZ plane is floor.\line Freeze all transforms, (Zeroing out transform pivot point).\line Assign a material, (either Lambert or Phong), to each mesh.\line Assign a texture, (only one for enveloped objects), to each mesh.\line Freeze the geometry, (collapse stack, delete construction history, whatever you like to call it). }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Bones\line Place bones with hierarchy as children of mesh. Bones can be Skeleton 2D/3D chain bones or nulls. (Bones can be geometry as well but shouldn"t be used in the mesh.) \line Place a traversing bone, (usually a null), as parent of the mesh. (just called "dummyroot") This bone defines the mesh traversing along the ground. \line All bones mush have a direct parent/child relation. (Chain bone effectors must be linked to the last bone in IK chain.) \line Place a world bone, (usually a null), as a parent to the traverse bone, (just called "grounddummy"), This will allow you to offset the animation starting point in the world. \line Place hardpoints, (usually nulls or simple geometry), wherever needed. Hardpoints are simply bones that have the prefix "hp_". They are used as transform nodes that can be used as reference points for placing weapons, event hot spots, etc. }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Rig\line Rig nodes should not be in the hierarchy of the skeleton. Rig elements could be regarded as bones or offset child bone transforms otherwise. Use rig controllers to drive IK effectors and up vectors. Bones can be animated with IK or FK depending on the situation. }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Enveloping\line Most meshes require rigid enveloping meaning only one bone influence for each vertex, (this is mostly for soldiers & vehicles). Otherwise, you could have up to 3 bones influence each vertex but you must define it as "-softskin" in the meshes .option file, (I hope .option files are covered elsewhere). ;) }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Animation\line Do not animate the mesh, skeleton 2D/3D chain bone roots or effectors. It will offset child bones transforms. The traverse bone must start at the world bone, (it will zero the traverse bone transforms.) This is good for if you have multiple animations in a scene with different starting locations. The traverse bone must have only two keyframes from the beginning of the animation to the end of the animation sequence with only linear interpolation, (you could use spine interpolation to normalize certain overextended motions). }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Exporting The Mesh\line The enveloped mesh with the skeleton mush be exported as the in-game object name and the skeleton itself must be exported individually as a basepose, (called "basepose.msh"). }
\par \pard\plain \s21\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\sb280\sa280\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0{\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch
Exporting The Animations\line Remove all meshes from the skeleton hierarchy.\line Set the start and end frame in the playback timeline boxes.\line Branch select the traverse bone.\line Export the mesh the using the exporter plugin. Be sure to have "Export Selected Models Only", "Export Animations" & "Export FK Animation" selected. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe2052\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\ltrpar\hyphpar0\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\dbch\af0\langfe2052\rtlch\af2 \ltrch\hich\af2\loch\f2\loch

\par }